Change power numeric types from int to float for consistency (#337)
frequenz-floss/frequenz-sdk-python: RELEASE_NOTES.md

## Upgrading

* Improved consistency in `frequenz.sdk.actor.power_distributing` package by unifying the representation of power values across different numeric types:
  * The `power` attribute of the `Request` class has been updated from an integer to a float to better represent values of power. This change also affects internal variables and checks related to power values, which have been updated accordingly.

>   * The `set_power()` method of both the `MicrogridApiClient` and `MicrogridGrpcClient` classes in import `frequenz.sdk.microgrid` package now expect a float value for the `power_w` parameter instead of an integer, to align with the new power value representation in the power distributing package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Now `float` is used everywhere for representing power (before power metrics were `float` but setting power was done using `int`).
  - `frequenz.sdk.actor.power_distributing`: the `power` attribute of the `Request` class has been updated from `int` to a `float`.
  * `frequenz.sdk.microgrid`: the `set_power()` method of both the `MicrogridApiClient` and `MicrogridGrpcClient` classes now expect a `float` value for the `power_w` parameter instead of `int`.
```

A few recommendations on release notes entries that I think it makes it more readable and useful:

* Summarize the main change and how users should upgrade.
* Make the affected package and classes very clear and precisely what was changed and how.
* Don't talk about internals, this notes are targeted to users, they don't care if the internal representation was changed or not, nor how. Those observations should go in commit messages.
* Try to put yourself in the shoes of the user that needs to update the SDK dependency and upgrade their project, what is useful information and what isn't?

Author: Makes sense, thanks for the suggestions. Updated as suggested.
